0.2 2007-09-05 First public release, as part of PostgreSQL 8.3 background
               writer performance testing results.  Only supports Linux.

0.3 2009-04-22 Released to beta testers, used to generate "Using and Abusing
               pgbench" results presented PG East 2009

0.4 2009-05-23 Added full support for separate test/results databases.
               Bugs reported by Robert Treat and Jignesh Shah fixed,
               improving compatiblity with Solaris.

0.5 2010-01-08 Add PostgreSQL 8.4 and later support.  README is now valid
               reST.

0.6 Future     Use TESTPORT properly, bug report from Jignesh.
               Add support for pg_stat_bgwriter.buffers_backend_fsync
               Add new bufsummary.sql with derived buffer cache stats
               Rename README to .rst for better GitHub display
               Add contact info and ReST notes
               Save some operating system information into the report
               Correct where to pull pg_settings from (Patryk Kordylewski)
               Generate graphs per test set (Ben Bleything)
               Allow putting result sets into in-page tabs (Ben Bleything)
               Show comparison of all test sets on a single graph
               Automatically detect if running with standard pgbench tables
               Add tracking of WAL activity during test
               Do vacuum cleanup at the end of the test and time it
               Basic support for Mac OS X, tested with homebrew gnuplot
               Reduce wait time for setup checkpoint statistics update
               Enabled by default vmstat/iostat data collection during tests
               Add newset utility and some reporting scripts
               Track dirty memory on Linux and plot the result
               Compatibility with V10 (transition from xlog to wal designation with pg_current_wal_lsn) (Emeric)
               Compatibility with 9.6+ random series generation (Emeric)
               log-to-csv_rates otherwise not compatible (??? Emeric)
               Change base plot apperance with font and graph tweaks (Emeric)
               Extra plots for limited runs (Emeric)
               Change README from ReST to Markdown markup (Emeric)
               Add several new latency and other reports (Emeric)
               Bug fix for rates not producing 90th latency (Emeric)
               Add FILLFACTOR and more latency graphs (Emeric)
               Change default test to the 9.6+ select.sql script.  The tests for 8.4-9.5 are now in the tests/tests-9.5 directory.
               Validate basic compatibility up to PG13.
               Collect test database and relation stats
               Add database level stats to web report
               Convert all the report buffer counts to average bytes per sec

